.\" Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Red Hat, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This copyrighted material is made available to anyone wishing to use,
.\" modify, copy, or redistribute it subject to the terms and conditions of the
.\" GNU General Public License v.2.  This program is distributed in the hope
.\" that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied,
.\" including the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
.\" PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51
.\" Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  Any Red Hat
.\" trademarks that are incorporated in the source code or documentation are
.\" not subject to the GNU General Public License and may only be used or
.\" replicated with the express permission of Red Hat, Inc.
.\"
.\" Red Hat Author: Miloslav Trmac <mitr@redhat.com>
.TH sigul_setup_client 1 "Jan 2009" sigul

.SH name
sigul_setup_client \- Set up a sigul client

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBsigul_setup_client\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
Sets up a NSS database at \fB~/.sigul\fP,
which is used by the
.B sigul
command in its default configuration,
using certificates used for Fedora build system access.

The Fedora certificates must already be present in their usual locations.

The command interactively prompts for the necessary passwords.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.sigul
A directory containing the
.B sigul
database and other configuration.

.TP
.B ~/.fedora-server-ca.cert
Fedora CA certificate.

.TP
.B ~/.fedora.cert
User's Fedora certificate and private key.

.SH AUTHORS
Miloslav Trmac <mitr@redhat.com>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sigul (1)
